AI #1520: Address editorial refinements to Metadata specification (#1521)
FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec: specification/metadata/dataset/dataset_instance_id.md

The Dataset Instance ID is a data generator-specified unique identifier that represents a specific FOCUS dataset instance provided by the data generator.

The DatasetInstanceId property adheres to the following requirements:

* Dataset Instance ID MUST be provided in the dataset instance metadata.
* Dataset Instance ID MUST be of type String and MUST NOT contain null values.

> * Dataset Instance ID MUST be a unique identifier within a data generator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* DatasetInstanceId MUST be provided in the dataset instance metadata.
* DatasetInstanceId MUST be of type String and MUST NOT contain null values.
* DatasetInstanceId MUST be a unique identifier within a data generator.
```
